{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green85\blue204;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid4\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2880\lin2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid5\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li3600\lin3600 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\vieww12240\viewh14740\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Author:			Mika Ayenson
\f1 \

\f0 Date:				4-18-2012\
Module ID:			cvaFrame\
Project ID: 			Vulnerability assessment within the cloud\
Programming Language:	python 2.6, bash\
OS/Hardware dependencies:	Linux Distribution. A few programs must be installed.  It\'92s best to \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2160\fi720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 install backtrack 5 r2.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 				You can also manually install the listed programs.\
\pard\tx3240\tx3600\pardeftab720\li3600\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl4\cf0 \uc0\u9675 	Metasploit\
\uc0\u9675 	openVAS\
\uc0\u9675 	mail server\
\uc0\u9675 	mysql database\
\uc0\u9675 	db_autopwn plugin\
\uc0\u9675 	opennebula EC2 account credentials\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
Problem Description:		This cvaFrame framework is developed to automate vulnerability assessment in the cloud.  It loads dormant images that are in the image repository and runs the chosen modules.  Each module then stores discovered vulnerabilities in the mysql database and reports to the security manager.  This stems from MQP research at Worcester Polytechnic inst.\
\
Installation:			If all dependencies are correctly configured, then you\'92re all set.\
\
Overall Design:		The  core of this framework is the cvaFrame.\
{\listtext	System structure	}	Modules like sploit, and autoVAS exist as modules to the \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2880\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0           framework. Soon there will be an autoPatch and rootkit module.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
Program Assumptions \
      and Restrictions:		Public key of the machine storing the cvaframe must be in the virtual \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2160\fi720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 image that contains the modules. There must be a mysql database with \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2880\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 tables similar to the tables in the cva.ppt.   \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
Interfaces:			The cvaFrame is a command line tool.\
{\listtext	User	}	\
{\listtext	File/D-B	}	The database can be accessed via mysql commands\
{\listtext	Program/Module	}When running the openvas module, greenbone security can be						 accessed via <backtrack ip>:80\
\
Usage				python cvaFrame.py [module]\
\
Arguments			[module] ..openvas, sploit, test\
\
Program Source:		cvaFrame.py\
How to Run:			Although there are many different setups that a system administrator \
can do, in this section, this is the setup used.  If there are any questions. Please direct them to \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:rdaemon5@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 rdaemon5@gmail.com}} You can also look at the cva.ppt for useful diagrams.\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2160\fi720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2160\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 We have the cvaFrame.py in our cloud front end.  This machine is the same machine that has access to the image repository.  It is also the same machine that has access to your EC2 account and euca commands.  You should be able to run euca-describe-images from this machine.  You should also be able to ping your mysql database from this machine.  There must be a \'91.config\'92 file with your EC2 account information in it.\
\
Your .config file should have this format.\
\
export EC2_URL=http://<url>:<port>\
export EC2_ACCESS_KEY=<username>\
export EC2_SECRET_KEY=<key>\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2160\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0  From this machine you will execute  python cvaframe.py [module]\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2160\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 After your image with the modules is instantiated, it will prompt you to accept the keys and enter the appropriate database login information.  You must accept before the script continues.  It will then fire up target images and run the module on each target and then close the target image. After it will send the data to the mysql database.\
\
In this experiment, Backtrack 5 r2 was used and came installed with all the appropriate dependencies.  There are two other plugins needed for the sploit module which is described in the sploit README.  The sploit module and autoVAS module must be in this image in the /root directory.  If they are not, the cvaFrame will be able to find the modules.		\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
Known Bugs			This framework is expected to load instances of virtual images.  Every \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2160\fi720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 time a backtrack instance is instantiated, the ssh public keys must be \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2880\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 accepted.  If several instances are run, the list of known hosts eventually must be deleted.\
\
If this tool is not closed down properly, the instantiations must be closed with the euca-terminate-instance command.  Otherwise, zombie processes will be created.  Sometimes their are images that do not have an ACPI shutdown so they must also be forced shutdown with the euca commands.  It is important to clean up the running instances before restarting the cvaframe, otherwise, your ip address will be consumed.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
References:			This framework relies heavily on its dependencies, namely Metasploit \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2160\fi720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 and OpenVAS\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \
Disclaimer		If you use this framework for malicious acts, you and only you will be \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 responsible. So be smart, and use it wisely =)\
}