{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red17\green85\blue204;}
\vieww12240\viewh14740\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\f0\fs22 \cf0 Author:			Mika Ayenson
\f1 \

\f0 Date:				4-19-2012\
Module ID:			sploit\
Project ID: 			Vulnerability assessment within the cloud\
Programming Language:	python 2.6, bash	\
OS/Hardware dependencies:	Linux Distribution. A few programs must be installed.  It\'92s best to \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2160\fi720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 install backtrack 5 r2 that has metasploit already configured.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 \
Problem Description:		This module was created to test exploits on various machines. It can \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2880\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 be run as a standalone program, however it was meant to run as a module to the cvaframe framework.  This program will open sessions to a system and then exit it.  If you are running this module, it must be run against only machines you own for legal reasons.    \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 \
Installation:			Not installation is necessary. Just run the script with python\
\
Overall Design:		It can run as a standalone program, or as a module to cvaframe. See \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2880\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 the cvaframe README for more details.  If this is run alone, you simply have to pass it a target ip address as an arguement to this script.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 \
Program Assumptions \
      and Restrictions:		You must have inlcuded two plugins.  The db_autopwn plugin and the \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2880\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 pentest plugin and place these into the directory \{/opt/metasploit/msf3/plugins\}.  You can find them at:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li2880\ri0\sl276\slmult1
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/neinwechter/metasploit-framework/blob/autopwn-modules/plugins/db_autopwn.rb"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://github.com/neinwechter/metasploit-framework/blob/autopwn-modules/plugins/db_autopwn.rb}}\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2880\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 \ulnone and \
\pard\pardeftab720\li2880\ri0\sl276\slmult1
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/darkoperator/Metasploit-Plugins"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://github.com/darkoperator/Metasploit-Plugins}}\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 \ulnone \
Interfaces:			This is a command line tool. You must run this from a terminal.\
\
Usage				python sploit.py [args]\{target\} outfile \
			\
Arguments			-v, --verbose : Displays all output \
				-h, --help :       Displays the help menu     \
				target : 	            target in cider format, or localhost 		\
				outfile :           The outfile where you want the output to flood to.\
\
\
Program Source:		sploit.py\
Additional Files:		db_autopwn, pentest\
\
Known Bugs :  		please e-mail any known bugs to rdaemon5@gmail.com		\
\
References:			This framework relies heavily on its dependencies, namely Metasploit \
and OpenVAS\
\
Disclaimer		If you use this framework for malicious acts, you and only you will be \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1440\fi720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 responsible. So be smart, and use it wisely =)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 \
}